We at "Vietnamese Chinese Translator"(“we”, “us”, or“our”) have created this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use,disclose and otherwise process personal information in connection withoperating our business. This Privacy Policy describes the practices concerningthe information collected by "Vietnamese Chinese Translator", throughthe use of our websites and mobile applications on which this Privacy Policy isposted. This Privacy Policy applies to our mobile applications and other onlineservices we may provide on which this Privacy Policy is posted, and ourcollection of information from our corresponding social media features andpages (each a “Service” and collectively, the “Services”). In addition todescribing how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personalinformation, this Privacy Policy explains the rights and choices available toindividuals with respect to their personal information. We may provideadditional privacy notices to you at the time we collect your data. This typeof an “in-time” notice will govern how we may process the information youprovide at that time.

1. Information We Collect We may obtain information about you ina variety of ways, including through your use of our Services, when you emailor otherwise communicate with us (including through social media), or when youparticipate in events or other promotions. The information that we collect,whether from you directly or automatically, may be considered personalinformation in certain jurisdictions or personal data under the EuropeanGeneral Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”). Whenever we refer to personalinformation in this Privacy Policy, it means personal information or personaldata as defined by applicable laws in the relevant jurisdiction. Categories ofpersonal information we collect: Category Specific Examples A. Identifiers Areal name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address,email address, account name, or other similar identifiers B. Personal RecordsName, Email address and username. Some personal information included in thiscategory may overlap with other categories. C. Commercial information Recordsof products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasingor consuming histories or tendencies. D. Internet or other similar network activityInformation on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, oradvertisement. See Information collected by Automated Means below for furtherdetails. E. Geolocation data Physical location or movements (inferred from yourIP Address). F. Sensory data Audio Recordings (for translation purposes),Images (Avatars added to your account or images taken for translationpurposes).

2. Sources of Information and Purposes of Use Some of thisinformation you provide to us and some we collect when you use our Services. Wealso may obtain information about you (including personal information) from ourbusiness partners, such as vendors, and others. You may choose not to providesome or all of your personal information to us but doing so may prevent us fromproviding our Services to you or limit our ability to provide you with thelevel of service that you would otherwise expect from us. Automated Informationincludes information such as: IP address Operating system used (for example:iOS) Device Information Time zone Identifiers associated with cookies or othertechnologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser Cookies on / off(See our Cookie Policy) Dates and times of access IDFA Subscription informationWe or our third-party service provider may assign you a unique identifierthrough automated means in order to match information collected from youthrough different means or at different times, (including both personalinformation and Automated Information) and to use such information as describedin this Privacy Policy. This Automated Information is generally used for thefollowing purposes: for the technical provision of our Services in order to beable to provide you with a functioning user-friendly experience. to provide youwith a secure experience and to take measures to protect our website and mobileapplications from cyber risks. to uncover insights about your use of ourwebsite and mobile applications in order to improve our Services and features,including developing new products and features. to facilitate your access toour website or mobile application. to customize our Services for you. to helpus better understand our current and potential customers so that we may marketour Services accordingly. events and usage data is captured for our internalbusiness analytics in order to understand how our users interact with ourmobile applications and use our services. For example, we may capture when auser visits a screen, taps a button, permits notifications, upgrades, orotherwise interacts with the app. Monitoring and analyzing the effectiveness ofour communications (including by identifying when emails sent to you have beenreceived and read).

3. How We May Use Your Personal Information In addition to thepurposes described above, we may use the information we collect for a varietyof purposes, such as the following: Performing Our Services Maintaining orservicing accounts, providing customer service, operating our website andmobile applications; processing or fulfilling orders and transactions,verifying user information, processing payments. Communicating about theproducts and Services we offer, and responding to requests, inquiries,comments, and suggestions. Internal Research Understanding and evaluating howour Services and features perform with our users. Uncovering insights aboutusage in order to improve the Services and provide customers with enhancedfeatures as well as inform our development of new features and products.Development of customized or personalized experiences of our Services, such asremembering your information, so you do not have to re-enter it each time youuse one of our Services. Auditing Interactions with Consumers Measuring usageof our websites and mobile applications. Measuring our marketing activity (e.g.,measuring how a user was acquired). Security To provide you with a secureexperience and to take measures to protect our website and mobile applicationsfrom cyber risks. Protecting against, identifying, investigating, preventing,and responding to fraud, illegal activity (such as incidents of hacking ormisuse of our websites and mobile applications), and claims and otherliabilities, including by enforcing the terms and conditions that govern theServices we provide. Debugging/Repair Identification and repair of impairmentsto intended, existing functionality of our Services. Marketing Understandingour customer in order to more effectively market our Services. Quality andSafety Maintenance and Verification Activities related to improving the qualityof the Services we provide, including upgrade or enhancement of the ServicesVerification or maintenance of the quality or safety of Services Tracking andresponding to quality and safety matters. Protecting our rights and property.Complying with legal or regulatory requirements, judicial process, industrystandards and our company policies, please see our Terms of Service. Otherpurposes that may be described at the time you choose to provide personalinformation to us. To perform the above functions, we may match informationcollected from you through different means or at different times, includingboth personal information and Automated Information, and use such informationalong with information obtained from other sources. We may also aggregate and/orde-identify any information that we collect, such that the information nolonger identifies any specific individual. We may use, disclose and otherwiseprocess such information for our own legitimate business purposes – includinghistorical and statistical analysis and business planning – withoutrestriction.

4. How We May Share Information about You with Others Wemay share information about you for the purposes described in this PrivacyPolicy or pursuant to a specific “in-time” privacy notice we may provide at thetime we collect the information. Corporate Affiliates to assist us in technicalprocessing operations, such as data hosting and maintenance, finance, legal andaccounting assistance, securing our data and systems and fighting against spam,abuse, fraud, infringement and other wrongdoings; and for corporate audit,analysis and consolidated reporting as well as compliance with applicable laws.Third Party Service Providers We may share information about you with thefollowing categories of third-party providers for a variety of businesspurposes: Customer Communications and Insights Platforms. We may share email,app usage and interactions with our third-party customer communicationsplatform provider for the following business purposes: performing services thatallow us to communicate with you and administer your account as well as trackyour usage for our internal analytics. Internal Business Insights Platforms.Our third-party internal business analytics platform provides us with the toolsto help us understand app usage and interactions and uncover insights thatallow us to improve our product and features. We may share or make availableunique user identifiers, IDFA, device id, IP address and app usage and events(such as when you subscribed to our services) with these providers for thefollowing business purposes: performing services that allow us to (i) monitorand understand usage in order to enhance existing Services or develop newproducts and features and (ii) better understand our customers in order tomarket our products more effectively. Measurement and Attribution. Theseservice providers offer tools that allow us to measure and attribute the sourceof new subscription sign ups and that allow us to uncover insights about usageand app events. We may use unique user identifiers made available to us fromthese third party providers to help us measure the effectiveness of our ads(e.g., where and how a user is acquired) and to uncover information about howour customers are using our apps in order to improve their quality and safety.Other technology providers necessary to provide our services (including cloudstorage and web hosting providers). We may make certain Automated Informationand/or aggregate or non-personally identifiable information available forvarious purposes including monitoring network traffic to detect maliciousactors and to protect against malware, fraud or other unlawful uses oractivity. Marketing providers. We, or the third-party service providers we useto assist us with marketing our own products to you, may use the information wecollect from you to provide advertisements and offers for our other products.We may share information about you in connection with (including during theevaluation or negotiation of) a corporate change or dissolution, including forexample a merger, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy,liquidation, sale of assets or wind-down of a business (each a “CorporateTransaction”). Unless prohibited by applicable law, we reserve the right totransfer the information we maintain in the event we engage in any CorporateTransaction (including, selling or transferring all or a portion of ourbusiness or assets). If we engage in such a sale or transfer, we will wherefeasible - direct the recipient to use the information in a manner that isconsistent with this Privacy Policy. After such a sale or transfer, you maycontact the recipient with any inquiries concerning the processing of yourpersonal information. Legal, Regulatory, Compliance and Similar Reasons Inaddition, we may disclose and/or share your information to comply with legal orregulatory requirements (including to comply with a court order, judicialsubpoena or other subpoena or warrant), industry standards, judicial process,and our company policies, as well as to protect against, identify, investigate,prevent and respond to fraud, illegal activity (such as identifying andresponding to incidents of hacking or misuse of our websites and mobileapplications), adverse event reporting, and claims and other liabilities. Wealso reserve the right to disclose your information (i) when we believe in goodfaith that disclosure is appropriate or necessary to take precautions againstliability, (ii) to protect our rights or property or the legal and propertyrights of others and (iii) investigate and defend third party claims orallegations against us. In addition, we may collect, use and disclose yourpersonal information as required or permitted by applicable law, or as directedby you, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

5. Do Not Track Disclosures Some web browsers may transmit"do-not-track" signals to the websites with which the usercommunicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate andactivate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for thesesignals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Becausethere currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websitesshould do when they receive such signals, our sites do not currently process orrespond to "do-not-track" (DNT) settings in your web browser. If andwhen a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how torespond to these signals. Certain third parties, such as ad networks, web analyticscompanies and social media and networking platforms, collect information aboutyour online activities over time and across websites. These third parties maynot change their tracking practices in response to DNT settings in your webbrowser and we do not obligate these parties to honor DNT settings. Informationabout how to opt out from your data being used by third parties can be foundabove under " Information collected by automated means."

6. Data Retention Except as provided below, we may retain yourpersonal information for the longer of three (3) years after we become awarethat you have ceased using our Services or for so long as necessary to fulfillany contractual obligation governing the information or our legal andregulatory obligations. However, we may not know if you have stopped using ourservices, so we encourage you to contact us at the appropriate support email inthe How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy if you are no longer usingthe services. We may retain other information that is not personallyidentifiable for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics,or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to doso.

7. How We Protect Personal Information We use various efforts intendedto safeguard the security and integrity of personal information collectedthrough our Services. Despite these measures, however, we cannot and do notguarantee that information will be absolutely safe from interception orintrusion during transmission or while stored on our system, or otherwise, andyou provide information to us at your own risk. If you correspond with us bye-mail or using Web forms available through our Services, you should be awarethat your transmission might not be secure from access by unauthorized parties.We have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors orunauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission. If you createan account as part of using our Services, you are responsible for maintainingthe confidentiality of your account password and for any activity that occursunder your account. Please notify us of any unauthorized use of your passwordor account. If we believe that the security of your personal information in ourcare may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If we have youremail address, we may notify you by e-mail to the most recent e-mail addressyou have provided us in your account profile. Please keep your email address inyour account up to date. You can change that e-mail address anytime in youraccount profile. If you receive a notice from us, you can print it to retain acopy of it. To receive these notices, you must check your email account usingyour computer or mobile device and email application software. We may also posta conspicuous notice on our site or notify you through the mobile application.You consent to our use of email, text message and/or notification through theapp as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use the postal serviceto notify you in this situation, please let us know by submitting your requesthere. You can make this election any time, and it will apply to notificationswe make after a reasonable time thereafter for us to process your request. Youmay also use this email address to request a print copy, at no charge, of anelectronic notice we have sent to you regarding a compromise of your personalinformation.

8. Links to Websites and Third-Party Content For yourconvenience and information, we may provide links to websites and otherthird-party content that is not owned or operated by us. The websites andthird-party content to which we link may have separate privacy notices orpolicies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any entity thatit does not own or control. We encourage you to review the privacy policies ofsuch third parties before providing them with any personal information.

9. Information Relating to Children We do not knowingly collectinformation from children under the age of 16 years old (or older if requiredin an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws). If you are notover 16 years old (or older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to complywith applicable laws) then DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES. If you believethat we may have personal information from or about a child under the age of 16years old, please contact us here. Note that we'll attempt to delete theaccount of any child under the age of 16 that's reported to us as soon aspossible. You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by aminor on your account.

10. Updates to Our Privacy Policy We reserve the right to changethis Privacy Policy at any time. When we update this Privacy Policy, we willnotify you of changes that are deemed material under applicable legalrequirements by updating the date of this Privacy Policy. In some cases (forexample, if we make certain material changes) and when required by applicablelaw, we may inform you by additional means, such as by sending you an email. Insome cases, when required by applicable law, we may obtain your consent to thechanges.

11.Disclaimer

Vietnamese Chinese Translator Downloader is not affiliatedwith Weibo It is a tool for Weibo video download.- We respect the copyright ofthe owners. So please DO NOT download the videos without owners’ permission orfor any commecial use.

12. How to Contact Us You may contact us with questions,comments, or concerns about our services and this Privacy Policy or our privacypractices Our support team can be contacted 835886147@qq.com.

END OF DOCUMENT ©2021 "Vietnamese Chinese Translator".® All rights reserved.
